Add doc page on Redis (#1015)
nextstrain/nextstrain.org: docs/redis.md

They have been adapted from @tsibley's [notes on the 5 → 6 upgrade](https://github.com/tsibley/blab-standup/blob/17eb1690b70ca25aa7be7526b7e140e43cf0a1e6/2023-02-17.md),
which is based on the [`--fork` upgrade method](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-redis-version-upgrade#upgrade-using-a-fork) described in Heroku's own documentation.

> [!NOTE]
> Heroku provides an [in-place upgrade
> method](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-redis-version-upgrade#upgrade-using-redis-upgrade)
> that is much simpler than the steps below. However, there is no option to roll
> back in case anything unexpected happens. If we find ourselves going through
> this process more often without any failures and this becomes too tedious, it

> > may be worth switching to use the in-place upgrade method.

Reviewer: Linking back to our discussion of the tradeoffs here (https://github.com/nextstrain/private/issues/121#issuecomment-2330682764) will probably be helpful in the future.

Author: Done: https://github.com/nextstrain/nextstrain.org/blob/57f9482601246f733071632949efe39ad56ae94a/docs/redis.md?plain=1#L33-L37

    This starts at `fork in progress` and is supposed to change once completed
    (forks start as replicas and then switch to primaries), but it may appear
    stuck in that state. If that happens, it should be safe to continue as long
    as all data looks to be transferred. Do this by entering Redis CLI (`heroku

>     redis:cli`) on both instances and comparing the output of:

Reviewer: `heroku redis:cli` used to not connect over TLS, which was bonkers, so for a long time I've used [my own little program](https://gist.github.com/tsibley/6f82bcaadf25869b0251f68d8be8d9b5) wrapping the Heroku CLI and standard Redis CLI.

But I just checked again now, and at least as of `heroku version`

    heroku/7.60.2 linux-x64 node-v14.19.0

it does indeed connect over TLS.

I think if you want to use more advanced features of the Redis CLI, you'll still need to invoke it yourself directly (`heroku redis:cli --help` doesn't indicate it will pass thru any args), but it's nice that for a simple REPL you can just use `heroku redis:cli` now.

    - `info keyspace`

>     - [`scan`](https://redis.io/docs/latest/commands/scan/) (start with `scan 0`
>       and follow the cursor a couple times)
>     - a manually issued [`sync`](https://redis.io/docs/latest/commands/sync/) jumping over bulk sync and right to live monitor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [`scan`](https://valkey.io/commands/scan/) (start with `scan 0`
      and follow the cursor a couple times)
    - a manually issued [`sync`](https://valkey.io/commands/sync/) jumping over bulk sync and right to live monitor
```

Author: Done:

https://github.com/nextstrain/nextstrain.org/blob/57f9482601246f733071632949efe39ad56ae94a/docs/redis.rst#L140-L144
